All right it's time to test some varlets using HGT pi.
So what we start doing is making a POST request to local host 1881.
Let's first make sure there's servers starting.
That looks good.
We'll go to slash API slash off slash sign and here sign up with a username of Matt password of Matt
and you know of Matt.
Matt dotcom so we should expect this to work.
This returns the token to us.
Excellent.
So we just signed up with a user name of Matt.
We tried to sign up again.
We see that user name and or e-mail is taken.
That looks great.
Let's try to sign in to sign in and make sure we pass in just the password and the e-mail.
We don't need the user name here.
Here we should get back the token as well if we successfully signed it.
And that looks good.
So what we're doing now is make a post request to create a message format and to do that we're going
to need the I.D. and the token sonic and HDTV post to local host 81 slash API slash users slash Mazzy
user id a piece that can slash messages.
And remember here we also need to pass in a header called authorization with the value of bear and then
the token to make sure we close those quotes and then with some text that says Hello everyone and will
make sure we get another double quote in there.
And there we go.
Look we've created a message from the let's try to add another message and we'll just say
goodbye.
So it looks like we've successfully created two messages for Matt.
We pass in the token with a letter of authorization that looks good.
Now let's go make sure that we hold onto this idea that Matt has because we're going to try to sign
up another user right now.
So let's copy that.
We're going to use that in a little bit.
We're going to try to forge a request as someone else.
So let's make sure that our authorization is working what's going to get easier when we could post to
localhost.
City one sloshy if I slash off slash sign and here when we get user name of hacker a password of hacker
and an email of hacker at hacker dot com wrocław over here.
So this should still successfully sign up a new user everything is valid.
But what I want to try to do now is write a message using this token but with maps ID.
So that means we can make a post request to local host if you want slash FBI slash users slash Matts
user id go piece that in such messages what we're going to do here is now try to create a message Asmat.
So we're going to pass in an authorization header with a value of barer and the token for our hacker
that we just made which is of value based on what took it so once you pass a token was passed on a message
of fact and it looks like we're getting back a result of unauthorized.
And that's a good thing.
That's because what we're doing is we're taking the second part of this token everything that goes from
that second dot to the last and we're decoding that token and finding the I.D. and making sure that
the I.D. inside of the token is the same as the one that's coming in to you.
And if it's not we see that the user is unauthorized.
All of our ads right now are doing what we want them to do.
The back looks like it's in good shape authentication authorization it's working.
It's now time to take this back and shove it for a little bit.
Start working on the front end to make requests to this back and we really want to make sure that our
server is started.
So when we make Ajax requests they work and after we're done with the front in we'll deploy the back
end and the front end.
Let's keep working on Werber.